README.adoc, before:

= 3caassurance
:hardbreaks:
:imagesdir: ./

== Requirements
Python 2.7

== Install work environment
If virtualenv is not installed
`pip install virtualenv`

Create virtualenv
`virtualenv venv`

Install dependencies
`pip install -r requirements.txt`

[[activate-venv]]
== Activate venv
`source venv/bin/activate`

== Launch locally
Do <<activate-venv>>
Ensure local_launch.sh has the execution rights
`./local_launch.sh`

Deployed on `http://127.0.0.1:8000/`
Admin page accessible at `http://127.0.0.1:8000/admin/`

== I18N
Add I18N key and translations to `locale/fr/LC_MESSAGES/django.po`
Once done, `python manage.py compilemessages -l fr`
This is automatically done when using the Vagrant configuration

== Updating the migration files
`./manage.py dumpdata auth.user --natural-foreign --indent 2 > _3caassurance/fixtures/user.json`
`./manage.py dumpdata wagtailimages.image --natural-foreign --indent 2 > _3caassurance/fixtures/images.json`
`./manage.py dumpdata -e wagtailcore.groupcollectionpermission -e auth.permission -e contenttypes.contenttype -e wagtailimages.image -e sessions.session -e auth.group -e auth.user -e wagtailcore.grouppagepermission --natural-foreign --indent 2 > _3caassurance/fixtures/_3caassurance.json`

[[cli-setup]]
== CLI setup

`source aliases.sh`

[[build-image]]
== Build 3ca dev docker image
Do <<cli-setup>>
`build_image dev`

== Launch project
Do <<build-image>> first
```
POSTGRES_USER="admin" POSTGRES_PASSWORD="changeme" CONTACT_EMAIL_PASSWORD=$contact_mail_3ca_app_pwd redeploy dev
```
`POSTGRES_USER`, `POSTGRES_PASSWORD`, `CONTACT_EMAIL_PASSWORD` env vars and the ENV param are mandatory

image::doc/3ca_archi_dev.png[alt="Dev archi", title="Dev architecture"]

== Launch tests
`./manage.py test`

Commit message:

release_4_contact: loading icon when sending message

README.adoc, after:

= 3caassurance
:hardbreaks:
:imagesdir: ./

== Requirements
Python 2.7

== Install work environment
If virtualenv is not installed
`pip install virtualenv`

Create virtualenv
`virtualenv venv`

Install dependencies
`pip install -r requirements.txt`

[[activate-venv]]
== Activate venv
`source venv/bin/activate`

== Launch locally
Do <<activate-venv>>
Ensure local_launch.sh has the execution rights
`./local_launch.sh`

Deployed on `http://127.0.0.1:8000/`
Admin page accessible at `http://127.0.0.1:8000/admin/`

== I18N
Add I18N key and translations to `locale/fr/LC_MESSAGES/django.po`
Once done, `python manage.py compilemessages -l fr`
This is automatically done when using the Vagrant configuration

== Updating the migration files
`./manage.py dumpdata auth.user --natural-foreign --indent 2 > _3caassurance/fixtures/user.json`
`./manage.py dumpdata wagtailimages.image --natural-foreign --indent 2 > _3caassurance/fixtures/images.json`
`./manage.py dumpdata -e wagtailcore.groupcollectionpermission -e auth.permission -e contenttypes.contenttype -e wagtailimages.image -e sessions.session -e auth.group -e auth.user -e wagtailcore.grouppagepermission --natural-foreign --indent 2 > _3caassurance/fixtures/_3caassurance.json`

[[cli-setup]]
== CLI setup

`source aliases.sh`

[[build-image]]
== Build 3ca dev docker image
Do <<cli-setup>>
`build_image dev`

== Launch project
Do <<build-image>> first
```
POSTGRES_USER="admin" POSTGRES_PASSWORD="changeme" CONTACT_EMAIL_PASSWORD=$contact_mail_3ca_app_pwd redeploy dev
```
`POSTGRES_USER`, `POSTGRES_PASSWORD`, `CONTACT_EMAIL_PASSWORD` env vars and the ENV param are mandatory
`CONTACT_EMAIL_PASSWORD` is the app password set on the contact email account

image::doc/3ca_archi_dev.png[alt="Dev archi", title="Dev architecture"]

== Launch tests
`./manage.py test`
